Let's watch it work.
This is the Immortals bubble.
I type one sentence — build me a weekly digest of new AI research.
Instantly it assembles a team — you can see the plan as a small flowchart: research, then critique, then build.
Then it goes quiet and works.
Silence is the default — no firehose of pings.
A live counter shows the routine decisions it is handling on its own.
It interrupts me exactly once — for a genuine judgment call — and notes that it held back nine routine choices to ask this one.
I answer, and it finishes: a verified report, stamped with who did what.
Now — a hard cut to the dashboard.
Because this is not a mockup.
Here is a real run: the actual plan, the event timeline, the cost.
Fully auditable.